Fix is_focused invalidation for chapters 8-10 (#1370)
browserengineering/book: book/forms.md

    area definitely can't make such changes, so let's skip this in our
    browser.
    
Now when we click an `input` element and clear its contents, we should

> call `render` to redraw the page with the `input` cleared. To make things
> easier, I'm just always calling `render` regardless of whether things changed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
call `render` to redraw the page with the `input` cleared. We also need
to call `render` if we clicked off an input element, since we might have unfocused
an input element in the process:
```

``` {.python}
class Tab:
    def click(self, x, y):
        while elt:
            elif elt.tag == "input":
                elt.attributes["value"] = ""
                break

>         self.render()

Reviewer: How does this work with form submission? I think we'll end up rendering twice, once when loading the new page and once again when returning back to the click handler.

Author: Yes, but is that so bad? It's just a bit redundant, right?

``` {.python}
class Tab:
    def click(self, x, y):
        if self.focus:
            self.focus.is_focused = False
        while elt:
            elif elt.tag == "input":
                elt.attributes["value"] = ""
                if self.focus:
                    self.focus.is_focused = False
                self.focus = elt
                elt.is_focused = True

>                 return self.render()

Reviewer: Keep this one line actually
